feat: add script for reading GitLab variables (#8)
getindata/docker-atlantis: README.md

- `docker-entrypoint.sh` is based on original file from atlantis repo <https://github.com/runatlantis/atlantis/blob/v0.19.8/docker-entrypoint.sh> with additional tweaks like invoking `bash` to run `atlantis` (due to `asdf` needs)
- `check-gitlab-approvals.sh` is a script, intended to work around GitLab CE repository security limitations (CODEOWNERS, allowed approvers, etc.)
- `approval-config-example.yaml` is a sample approver config used by `check-gitlab-approvers.sh` script

> - `pull-gitlab-variables.sh` is a script that pulls GitLab variables and create string with enviroment variables to be used by Atlantis in `multienv` step

Reviewer: You could maybe add a link to atlantis docs & `multienv` workflow setting..
```suggestion
- `pull-gitlab-variables.sh` is a script that pulls GitLab variables and creates string with environment variables to be used by Atlantis in `multienv` step
```

Author: done
